amendment of todomvc example (#1409)
yewstack/yew: examples/todomvc/README.md

Unlike other implementations, this stores the full state of the model,
including: all entries, entered text and chosen filter.

### How to run:

> This example requires rustc v1.39.0 or above to compile due to its use of async/.await syntax.

Reviewer: A definite article should help here.
```suggestion
This example requires rustc v1.39.0 or above to compile due to its use of the `async`/`await` syntax.
```

```sh
wasm-pack build --target web --out-name wasm --out-dir ./static && miniserve ./static --index index.html
```

> This will compile the project, bundle up the compiler output and static assets, and start a http server on port 8080 so you can access the example at [localhost:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will compile the project, bundle the compiler output and static assets together, and start a HTTP server running locally on port 8080 (to access the example you can use your browser to navigate to [localhost:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080)).
```

> It is expected that you have a setup with [wasm-pack9](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-pack) and [miniserve](https://github.com/svenstaro/miniserve) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run this example you'll need to have [wasm-pack](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-pack) and [miniserve](https://github.com/svenstaro/miniserve) installed.
```
